## Generated by CouchApp

CouchApps are web applications which can be served directly from [CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org). This gives them the nice property of replicating just like any other data stored in CouchDB. They are also simple to write as they can use the built-in jQuery libraries and plugins that ship with CouchDB.

[More info about CouchApps here.](http://couchapp.org)

## Deploying this app

Assuming you just cloned this app from git, and you have changed into the app directory in your terminal, you want to push it to your CouchDB with the CouchApp command line tool, like this:

    couchapp push . http://name:password@hostname:5984/mydatabase

If you don't have a password on your CouchDB (admin party) you can do it like this (but it's a bad, idea, set a password):

    couchapp push . http://hostname:5984/mydatabase

If you get sick of typing the URL, you should setup a `.couchapprc` file in the root of your directory. Remember not to check this into version control as it will have passwords in it.

The `.couchapprc` file should have contents like this:

    {
      "env" : {
        "public" : {
          "db" : "http://name:pass@mycouch.couchone.com/mydatabase"
        },
        "default" : {
          "db" : "http://name:pass@localhost:5984/mydatabase"
        }
      }
    }

Now that you have the `.couchapprc` file set up, you can push your app to the CouchDB as simply as:

    couchapp push

This pushes to the `default` as specified. To push to the `public` you'd run:

    couchapp push public

Of course you can continue to add more deployment targets as you see fit, and give them whatever names you like.

## Documents of Traduxio2

The documents should respect a form similar to the following example : 

{
   "_id": "4f5385bdb1612484738336d12c0000d9",
   "_rev": "1-6083353dcac37b31a54058ee97fb5673",
   "auteur": "Frédéric Bastia",
   "langue_originale": "français",
   "traductions": [
       {
           "langue": "anglais",
           "traducteur": "X",
           "titre": "The law",
           "blocs": [
               {
                   "contenu": "Under such an administration, everyone would understand that he possessed all the privileges as well as all the responsibilities of his existence. No one would have any argument with government, provided that his person was respected, his labor was free, and the fruits of his labor were protected against all unjust attack. When successful, we would not have to thank the state for our success. And, conversely, when unsuccessful, we would no more think of blaming",
                   "debut": 1,
                   "fin": 50
               },
               {
                   "contenu": "the state for our misfortune than would the farmers blame the state because of hail or frost.",
                   "debut": 51,
                   "fin": 100
               },
               {
                   "contenu": "The state would be felt only by the invaluable blessings of safety provided by this concept of government",
                   "debut": 101,
                   "fin": 195
               }
           ]
       }
   ],
   "annee": 1888,
   "contenu": "Heureux nous n'aurions pas, il est vrai, à le remercier de nos succès; Car, sous un tel régime, chacun comprendrait bien qu'il a toute la plénitude comme toute la responsabilité de son Existence. Nous ne le connaîtrions que par l'inestimable bienfait de la Sûreté.Pourvu que la personne fût respectée, le travail libre et les fruits du travail garantis contre toute injuste atteinte, nul n'aurait rien à démêler avec l'État. mais malheureux, nous ne nous en prendrions pas plus à lui de nos revers que nos paysans ne lui attribuent la grêle ou la gelée.",
   "titre": "La loi",
   "type": "texte"
}

##Database

You can specify the database used in concordance.js.
You can edit the line "var NOM_DB = "traduxio3" "

## Make a research

1. Open the URL http://127.0.0.1:5984/[your database name]/_design/traduxio2/concordance.html
2. Search words in the field "Rechercher"
3. All the expression will be matched, you can search only the beginning or the end of a world with the * caracter
    hell* could match hello for example.

